Carbon Footprint

Small ways to reduce your carbon footprint:

Although these methods might seem small or obvious, following them everyday can lead to positive environmental impacts in the future. 

This includes:
  1. Always remembering to turn of the lights
  2. Only doing laundry when it's a full load
  3. Shorter showers
  4. Trips to recycling center to deposit materials like aluminum cans, glass, newspaper, etc
  5. Taking a bicycle instead of car or using public transport

Together, all of these changes can contribute largely to your carbon footprint and help reduce it!

Larger ways that you can reduce your carbon footprint include:
   1. Becoming vegetarian, it’s good for the environment and can keep you healthy
   2. Reduce amount of flights or don't take flights at all, 
   3. Make biking your main source of transportation

Why do you want to reduce your carbon footprint?

Your carbon footprint holds a huge part in increasing global warming and the effect of climate change. The negative impacts that you help increase every day include:

  1. Rising temperatures which can lead to many plants and animals becoming extinct. 
  2. Increased drought. This can lead to countless communities losing their source of water and food. Several countries in Africa or other places near the 
     equator have already felt extreme impacts from drought
  3. Rising sea-levels. This has already led to millions of people being forced to leave their coastal-communities. Places like Venice are also at 
     risk as the sea level is already so high that the bases of buildings are completely underwater
  4. Floods. Many people have lost their homes and unfortunately, many people have drowned or passed away due to floods. This includes places like Bangladesh and India. 
  5. Lack of food. Manu plants and animals can become extinct. This leads to large food sources deplenishing and slowly disappearing. 
  6. Wildfires. Wildfires harm habitats and force animals to leave. These animals can become extinct and we end up losing large amounts of trees which are vital 
     to replenishing oxygen. 
  7. Trauma. A product of global warming that is overlooked, but trauma is a large side effect of global warming. It can come from traumatic 
     experiences such as fires, floods, storms and more. This leads to worsening mental health and can lead to suicide. 
