   HVAC
        Transportation costs - (Biking/driving, Vacation and travelling)

        Household Members (in real life to be more accurate)
        All below have to take into account household members
        Food bought
        Appliances - Hang dry clothes, Light bulbs
        Water Consumption
        Home size

You yawn as you wake up to start a new day. After all, you live with… 

Just yourself 
1 other person
2 other people
3+ people 

You need to get to work soon, but you need to remember to include protein in your meal! What type of contents are generally in your meals?

You eat domestic meat frequently (8)
You're a vegetarian and don’t eat meat (4)
You chose to live your life as a vegan (2)
You prefer prepackaged meals (12)

You find bills on your doorstep informing you of how you must pay your total amount of kilowatt hours. You try to remember what that value would be for yourself

Slider questions

You feel lucky that you have a decent job as a construction worker for a large corporation, you get decent pay and some benefits The problem? It's located downtown, some 40 minutes from your home. What is your choice of transportation?

Obtain the keys and drive there (15)
take the bus (12)
Use your bike (1)

You manage to get to work on time and it's smooth sailing from there. After your shift, you head home after a satisfying day of work. You earned this residence with hard-earned money, but it was challenging. You ponder the idea as you step foot in your…

Slider question

You're drenched in sweat from the heat, it is 32 degrees Celsius after all. You decide to set your house temperature. 

Slider question

You decided to put some dishes in the dishwasher before warming up some food. As you turn on the dishwasher, you remember you have used the dishwasher…

9+ this week (3)
4 - 9 times this week (2)
1 - 3 times this week (1)
0 times this week (0)


You quickly throw some clothes into the washing machine before you head to the kitchen. You ponder how fast your clothes get dirty, but then again, you’ve used the washing machine…

9+ this week (3)
4 - 9 week (2)
1 - 3 times this week (1)
0 times this week (0)

Afterward, you head to the kitchen to warm up a few beef patties in your new microwave. You sigh as you see a flyer for a new fridge, but it doesn’t mean much to you as you already bought…

7+ new appliances every year (10)
5 - 7 new appliances every year (8)
3 - 5 new appliances every year (6)
< 3 new appliances every year (3)

User inputs submit 

You venture to your bedroom, ignoring a newspaper you picked up that mentions the negative effects of carbon footprints. After all, you're just one person, so you can't possibly contribute a lot to the environment, right? 

Show the total amount of points
